REQ-ID: NFR03
Description: The product shall allow an easy and quick selection of a new appointment date
Type: Performance
Rationale: To keep the time of modifying dates to a minimum
Fit criterion: The product shall allow the selection of a new appointment date within 5 seconds 80% of the time no new date selection should take longer than 20 seconds.
Originator: Patient/Therapist
Comments: [PW] Initial draft
[Luismi López] In my view, your requirement has been phrased as if it were a "Performance" type instead of "Usability and Humanity". In my experience, usability is demonstrated using standards or low-fidelity prototypes, then requirements reference the prototype/standard: i.e. "company usability guidelines 1.1" or "prototype version 1.1", although a textual reference can be provided i.e. "appointment dates shall be a) typed or b) selected in a calendar control, according to prototype LF-01"
[Ken King] This is good. I also thought that the "type" for this requirement was "Usability and Humanity". I am happy with the fit criterion.
[Giovanni Macciocu] I think the word "easy" in the description hints at usability while actually this is a performance requirement. Besides this minor detail I think this is good.
[Sachin Prabhu] I think the rationale can be improved upon to make it clearer. Maybe they should be two separate NFRs for quick and easy? I would delete easy and just leave quick there. The fit critereon could also be specified in terms of steps required to make the selection but this description is fine too in my opinion.
[Duncan Bain] I would also suggest that this requirement should have a type "performance" and so the description should be changed to omit "easy". I am assuming that the time refers to what the system (software) is doing and does not include the human actions of working the interface and negotiating with the patient. 
[JSB] I agree with Duncan, "easy" should be removed or separated out into it's own NFR, as the fit criterion is exclusively focused on the "quick" part.
[Miroslav Cosic] One more vote in favour of going with "quick" for performance reasons, and splitting out "easy" as a usability NFR. As for the fit criteria, I wonder whether there should be some relation to criteria for NFR01?
