REQ-ID:NFR09
Description: The product shall perform FR09 within a reasonable amount of time.
Type: Performance
Rationale: Prevent incorrect information regarding the therpist availability.
Fit Criterion: The therapist schedule must be updated in less than 3 seconds after a new appointment entry.
Originator: Receptionist
Comments: [Giovanni Macciocu] Initial draft
[Duncan Bain] I would suggest including more of the original requirement description in this description, otherwise one has to go look up the original requirement to know what this non-functional requirement is about. Correct 'therpist' to 'therapist'. The rationale sound like an accuracy requirement while the description refers to a speed requirement. I think you were trying to say that if the therapist schedule is not updated quick enough, the time slot may be taken by someone else also entering an appointment at the same time. I think some other rationale would be more appropriate.
[JSB] Just to check, it's the receptionist who would be entering the new appointment for the patient with a therapist, and the schedule for the therapist must be display the new appointment within 3 seconds to ensure their un-availability is reflected and a double booking is not made
[Giovanni Macciocu] @JSB, Yes that is correct.
[LMLopez] I do agree completely with Duncan and JSB, except for the part of including part of FR09 in the original description, in which I dissent. A reference makes possible that changes made to FR09 do not imply a rewording of NFR09, this approach is much more precise, in my view.
[Miroslav Cosic] I understand the fit criterion “prevent incorrect information regarding the therapist availability” to refer to the need for consistency between the whole-clinic calendar view and the per-therapist calendar view. Depending on the implementation, there could be a risk for them to fall out of synch and this fit criterion is there to keep them in check. However, I don’t understand the argument about speed, and I would hope that in real life we would have a functional requirement that prevents double-booking a therapist’s time slot.
[Philip Mularo] I agree with the feeling that the rationale's emphasis on avoiding incorrect information maybe seems at odds with the fit criterion specifying a 3 second time limit for an update to take place. A rationale that focuses on why updating the therapists' schedules quickly is important would work well with the current fit criterion.
[Glen Pinner] Similar comment Duncan's about the description. The fit criterion assumes the operation will always be actioned in less than 3 seconds. There may well be anomalies in the system and think that a percentage figure should be included.
[Ken King] I agree that this requirement should focus on the time taken to update the system by changing the rationale and another requirement could deal with concurrency issues.
[Ben Green] I'm also OK with an NFR description referencing its parent FR, as it's necessary to read through the latter when reviewing NFRs. I would reword the rational; is it preventing the input of incorrect information or the display of incorrect information, or both ?
{Kevin Faulkner] Agree with comments on rationale and that existing rationale ishoudl be covered by a functional requirement elsewhere. You could add a rnage of times and/or percentage as suggested by Duncan or perhaps it is fastest enough to avoid duplicate appointment, which is how fast someone can enter an appointment, this is likely shorter than 3 seconds
