REQ-ID:NFR08
Description:The product shall record an appointment in such a way that it will be intuitive for the average office worker.
Type:Usability
Rationale:The users are part-time office staff with average experience in using office applications,so the usability of the product should not require any training.
Fit Criterion:80 % of users (average office workers)should be able to record an appointment without referring to the on-line help or requiring any training.
Originator:Carol (Office Manager)
Comments: [Duncan Bain] Initial draft
[Sachin Prabhu] Looks fine to me.
[JSB] I agree this is a good non-functional requirement.
[LMLopez] Good requirement, although it can be more precise in the "user" term used in the fit criterion: 80% of the use base, composed by receptionists, should be able to..
[Miroslav Cosic] To the contrary, I was left with the impression that the receptionists were long-term staff. For such workers, a hard-to-learn but easy-to-use interface is much more desirable than an interface that 80% of people can use with no training. Itís keyboard shortcuts and charms (both of which require reading the manual) vs. step-by-step wizards. Hence, I wish we could reconsider this NFR and its fit criteria.
[Philip Mularo] For me the fit criterion for this NFR seems appropriate for the office context - as the staff are part-time there would be less time available to train them in using the new system, but there would be a need for them to be recording appointments without hold-ups from day one.
[Miroslav Cosic] To the contrary, I was left with the impression that the receptionists were long-term staff. For such workers, a hard-to-learn but easy-to-use interface is much more desirable than an interface that 80% of people can use with no training. Itís keyboard shortcuts and charms (both of which require reading the manual) vs. step-by-step wizards. Hence, I wish we could reconsider this NFR and its fit criteria.
[Glen Pinner] The description could specify who is recording the appointment. It may be only the receptionists who do this. Ditto for the rationale and the fit criterion Otherwise the fit criterion is fine.
[Ken King] This is good. I don't think you can assume it will be just receptionists using the system so the fit criterion seems appropriate to me.
[Ben Green] Although like Miroslav I think it would be nice to create a feature rich product with a steep learning curve, I also have to agree with other comments that we need to take into account the other members of staff who may need to use this product infrequently. This could be Carole or the therapists if they're covering an absent receptionist, and something as fundamental as recording bookings must be performed immediately on the system.
[Giovanni Macciocu] I think this is good. In addition to the provided comments I would like to add that I think that irrelevant of the staff type (part-time office staff with average exp ..), from an application with relatively low complexity, a certain usability level might be expected.
[Kevin Faulkner] I agree with Miroslav, easy to use is more important than easy to learn to improve the efficiency of the appointments system. 
[Paul Wilcox] I think the fit criteria is ok but it should contain some amount of training even if its a 30 minute exercise that tells the user what each screen is for, if there is multiple screens. Its also likely that there will be staff turnover and so current staff skill level should be balanced against potential new employees.
[James Oram] I would have added a time limit in the acceptance criterion, and would have allowed the use of training materials within that time limit.
[Duncan Bain] The suggested improvements are: specify the users in the fit criterion; interface should rather be easier to use, eve if it is harder to learn (the requirement actually wants both to be easy, hence the use of the word ‘intuitive’); description should specify who is recording the appointment (the requirement is specific enough in my opinion and is confirmed by Ken); comments about abilities of staff (requirement specifies ‘average office worker’ which would imply a certain level of competence); fit criteria should contain a minimum amount of training required (the requirement specifies that the interface should be intuitive); 
[Duncan Bain] Changes made: from ’Fit Criterion:80 % of users should…’ to ‘Fit Criterion:80% of users (average office workers) …’ 
