REQ-ID:NFR05
Description: The product shall enable the easy selection of the payment due for a treatment received.
Type: Usability
Rationale: Treatment record forms will be processed frequently, so it must be easy for receptionists to select the payment due for a treatment received during an appointment.
Fit Criterion: Receptionists can select the payment due for a treatment received during an appointment with a single action.
Originator: Carol (Office Manager)
Comments: [Philip Mularo] Initial draft.
[Sachin Prabhu] I think the description descibes a functional requirement.
[Duncan Bain] This is a valid non-functional requirement: 12c Precision or Accuracy Requirements as referred to on p. 443 of MRP. I would suggest being a bit more specific about which components of the transaction must be the same. For example: amounts up to two decimals; transaction date. The definition of "transaction" can be interpreted in many ways, so an internal reference in the appointments system may not be required in the accounts system. 
[JSB] I think this is a good non-functional requirements.
[Sachin Prabhu] The example on page 296 describes a functional requirement and the fit criteria is very similar to the one listed above. I think accurracy comes into pictures when measuring or calculating values and do not apply in such cases where data needs to be copied from one system to another.
[LMLopez] Good points, Duncan, for an otherwise good requirement. Reference to the interface documentation, or specific standards may also help (i.e. Standard rounding criteria for EUR is to calculate 4 decimal points, then rounding to 2)
[Miroslav Cosic] If were to emulate the example identified by Sachin, we would remove the word “accurately” from the description and add it to the fit criterion (it may even be redundant there, as we already have “exactly” in the fit criterion). The requirement thus becomes a functional requirement that can stand on its own with respect to FR05. However, as others have pointed out (and also found on page 258 of MRP), accuracy is a valid non-functional requirement. How about rewriting this NFR to be more closely based on FR05 and to focus on accuracy? 
[Glen Pinner] Wondering if this is not a functional requirement as per MRP pp. 295-296. I tend to agree with Sachin Prabhu's although the term 'accurately' could imply the integrity of the data and is therefore a security requirement (MRP p. 262).
[Ken King] Should the fit criteria define the data required by a valid invoice? For example 'and meet the requirements necessary to create a valid invoice'
[Ben Green] Regarding the fit criterion, does the appointments system actually need to contain an exact match to the booking system ? It would be worth specifying what this match entails. I don't think the booking system needs to record all the financial details of the transaction. The original statement from the clinic owner stated "David also wants the new system to interface with the existing accounts system, which produces the invoices for the insurance companies." This doesn't mean the financial details first need typing into the appointments system, althoug there clearly has to be someone linking the corresponsing records on either system.
[Kevin Faulkner] Agree with other comments on more detail requirred for what data must match. Arguably no 'transaction' related to insurance companies takes place outside the accounts system, but guess this depens on data dictionary definition of 'transaction'. If the patient is paying then the transaction details may require transferrinf but then the rationale needs changing. 
[Paul Wilcox]I think the description may not be pertinent to the requirement its describing. The  FR Description: The product shall record the payment due for a completed appointment. Maybe the interface between the two systems could be the transferring of the treatment and any other associated medical costs. Which would mean a better NFr could be Description: The product shall accurately transfer the costs for a treatment to the accounts system. Then a slight change of the fit criteria to measure that the appointment costs match those in the accounting system.
[James Oram] I agree that more detail is needed for this requirement. 
[Marcus Wright]I agree with ben, the fit criteria is a little misleading.  In my view the data relevant to the transaction only should be transferred.
[Philip Mularo] Many thanks for your comments. I have rewritten this as a usability NFR so that it is more closely related to the original FR and avoids being a functional rather than non-functional requirement.