REQ-ID: NFR19
Description: The product shall only display statistics to authorised users.
Type: Security
Rationale: This can be considered sensitive data that can provide a competitive advantage, so it should only be displayed to certain users.
Fit Criterion: Only users with the privileges to view the statistics can access them.
Originator: Carol (Office Manager)
Comments: 
[Miroslav Cosic] I didn’t get the feeling that the clinic owners are concerned with competition, but the NFR stands on its own anyway, because it’s just common sense that access to statistics needs to be controlled, as much as access to any other data. 
[Philip Mularo] I would suggest maybe being more specific about which statistics this NFR applies to in the description and fit criterion i.e. 'statistics about patients who miss appointments' as mentioned in FR19, which would tie in with the idea of the sensitivity of the data mentioned in the rationale.
[Glen Pinner] The description refers to missing appointments statistics so this could be mentioned. Agree that the data is potentially sensitive and should be kept secure though I'm not sure how this could be used for competitive advantage. Refer to the Data Protection At, 1998 in the rationale. The fit criterion for security NFRs needs to mention a security standard to protect yourself.
[Ken King] The fit criterion could quote a relevant security standard to adhere to and identify the nature of the statistics
[Ben Green] First comment should be from the originator stating the action, i.e. first NFR draft created etc.
I actually think the overall wording of this NFR is adequate, apart from the supposed risk of competitors accessing patient information, as any breach in the local confidentially policy is a problem, regardless of who the beneficiary might be.
I'm not too concerned with the absence of security standards within this NFR. It might be more appropriate to create a unique NFR solely for the purpose of qualifying the need to prevent unauthorised access with a particular security standard, to which all dependant NFRs could refer.
[LMLopez] To be consistent with other requirement definitions, please change the type to the numbering format in page 393 of the standard: 15 for Security. I do agree with Philip about being more concrete about which statistics the requirement refers to (just in case other types of statistics were added in the future). In my view no security standards applies to the requirement, nor does data protection because you're referring to a different security risks (in a word, data protection should be addressed in a separate requirement, in my view).
[Kevin Faulkner] Fit criterion ambiguous, 'access'  has many meanings, stick with 'view' which ties to 'display' in description. Agree do not need 'competitive advantage' part in rationale
[Elly Kelly] Hm. What you are asking for is the ability to identify individual users, assign these users particular access priviledges, and prevent others from gaining access to these user accounts, which is more in keeping with a suite of FRs aimed at system security imho. An NFR relating to security would be more along the lines of "And an intruder is unable to gain access to the system after x minutes" or something like that. 
[Paul Wilcox] I agree with the others I don't think there is a competitive advantage issue, unless another clinic wants to poach patients who miss appointments. Maybe the rationale is simple such as to stop unauthorised persons seeing patient statistics, that may be too simple.

