REQ-ID:NFR11
Description: The product shall provide the information within a reasonable amount of time
Type: Performance
Rationale: The users of the system are busy and need to access the information as quickly and easily as possible.
Fit Criterion: The product shall retrieve the requested details in less than 3 seconds and show the fields to be updated in the order they should be input, enabling keyboard (tabbed) navigation. 
Originator: Carol (office manager)
Comments: [Marcus Wright] Updated information
[Luismi López] In my view, your NFR11 requirement is incorrect because mixes performance (description and fit criterion "in less than 3 seconds" and usability concepts (".. show the fields to be updated in the order they should be input, enabling keyboard (tabbed) navigation.") 

It also contains technological elements "keyboard, tabbed navigation", being solution-bound.

I suggest to remove ambiguity by replacing, "the information" by "any information requested" in its description, if we are to consider it applies to the whole system.
[Ken King] This seems like a good Fit Criterion for testing 'performance' but I am not sure that it requires the additional explanation about the tabbed navigation.
[Sachin Prabhu] I think the description should clearly state what information is required. For example, some information like statistics could take longer to generate and may not pass the fit criterion. The fit criterion also shouldn't propose any possible solutions. So I would just have the performance bits in it.
[Duncan Bain] The description should be more precise by referring to patient information and not just to 'information'. I would drop 'easy' from the rationale, as it is not relevant to performance. The fit criterion refers to both performance and usability. I would suggest just using the performance fit criterion.
[JSB] I agree with Ken, the tabbed navigation should be left out or separated out to its own non-functional requirement.
[Miroslav Cosic] I agree with most comments: specify what info is shown (because some statistics may take a while to produce, and also simply to show that this NFR is related to FR11); don’t mention tabbed entry in a performance NFR; don’t say “easy” in the rationale.
[Philip Mularo] I agree with the comments above re: being more specific about the information requested - the description and rationale mention 'information' while the fit criterion mentions 'the requested details', maybe change these all to 'patient information'? Also agree with the feeling that the keyboard navigation mentioned in the fit criterion is related to a potential solution, and that 'easily' could be removed from the rationale.
[Glen Pinner] In the description, specify the information; in this case from the FR it is patient information. The fit criterion offers a solution to the order of entry for updating the data and is not related to performance, but to usability.
[Ben Green] I'm not sure that the situation of a user being busy is adequate justification for the rationale, and arguably it's usability that prevents an impatient user from becoming frustrated. Perhaps a better description of rationale is simply that it's important to achieve adequate system performance and response time to prevent concurrent transactions from creating a double-booking.
{Kevin Faulkner] Agree with other comments, split the fit criteria and remove either the performnace or usability part. Update other sections to match  