REQ-ID: NFR25
Description: The product must be able to quickly generate the list of appointments before a session.
Type: Performance
Rationale: The receptionists are expected to perform many tasks at the beginning of a session and should not be required to spend much time generating the list.
Fit criterion: The receptionist must be able to generate a list of appointments for a session using no more than 3 actions.
Originator: Carol (Office Manager)
Comments:
[Sachin Prabhu] Initial draft
[Duncan Bain] The type is performance (speed), so I would expect a measure of time as a fit criterion. It is not clear what actions are referred to and how long they may take to perform. I can see were you are coming from, but I don't think the description and the fit criterion match each other.
[JSB] I agree with Duncan, I would include some time based limit in the fit criterion.
[LMLopez] I agree with Duncan, it is unclear whether requirement refers to performance or usability. I would also recommend to use the numeric reference in page 393 of MRP for Type: 12 Performance, or 11 Usability and humanity
[Miroslav Cosic] Once again, we might need to separate the “quick” criterion from the “easy” criterion and have two NFRs. In this particular case, the description and rationale both tend towards “quick” while the fit criterion tends towards “easy”. 
[Philip Mularo] As mentioned by others the description, type and rationale focus on performance, while the fit criterion uses number of actions as its measure - I agree with Duncan's and JSB's feeling that a time measure would be more appropriate in the fit criterion.
[Glen Pinner] As the description uses the word "quickly" this implies a time-based measurement in fit criterion. The fit criterion as it stands relates to usability.
[Ken King] I agree that a time limit e.g. within 60 seconds would be appropriate for the fit criterion
[Ben Green] I agree that there seems to be some ambiguity between ease of use and speed here. Aside to that, I actually like the Fit Criterion as I think as a measure of 'ease of use', the number of steps required to complete a task should result in a product that is consistent and easy to  learn. So while the overall speed might be a concern during busy times, so too is the ease of use, and the number of overall steps.
[Kevin Faulkner] As per others, fit criterion is usability, rest is performance. Either keep fit criterion (which agree with Ben I like) and chnage rest of it for usability or change fit criterion and keep rest of it
