REQ-ID: NFR31
Description: The product shall exchange patient address information with the accounting system in a secure manner
Type: Security/Legal
Rationale: A patient's address is a data item that must be kept confidential to satisfy legislation, specifically principle 7 of the Data Protection Act (1998) (see for instance section 7.4.2.1.a of BS EN ISO 27799:2008)
Fit Criterion: The product shall comply with sections 7.7.6 (Network security management) and 7.7.8 (Exchanges of information) of BS EN ISO 27799:2008 
Originator: Carol (office manager)
Comments: [Miroslav Cosic] Final version after comments (Revised the originator; Merged the DPA reference into rationale; Added “Legal” to the type field)
[Philip Mularo] I feel this is a strong NFR. I would suggest moving the text currently in the originator section to the rationale, as I think the originator needs to be the person who suggested the requirement.
[Glen Pinner] The description and rationale refer to patients' address information. Is that the only data exchanged? Otherwise both rationale and fit criterion are excellent. I see the standard is for sale from doing a quick Google search so unaware of what it contains.
[Ken King] - This is good. Just need to change the originator as mentioned by Philip Mularo.
[Ben Green] There is definitely a need for secure data transfer, so this NFR is certainly required. I'm not sure that it's a direct descendant of FR31 though, as a secure data transfer isn't the same as one that guarantees data integrity, and that source data fields map adequately to destination data fields. However, as an individual NFR, it is required. I agree with the above comments, that we need to stick to the NFR template, and 'originator' should refer to a stakeholder, which in most cases will be a business owner or primary user.
[LMLopez] Good work, except for the minor issue of the originator, as mentioned by Philip, Ken and Ben. I do agree with Ben, there may be other data subject to confidentiality, which should be referenced here. Not sure if data confidentiality would be guaranteed enough only considering two chapters of the standard, maybe it would be simpler, and at the same time more adequate to refer to the information security policy of the company, which should establish the adequate controls for this type of information and exchange method
[Kevin Faulkner] Treatment at clinic is not under NHS (patients or health insurers pay for treatment). Is data protection act legal or security requirement? As per Glen is it only patient address that needs to be secure, likely any patient information e.g. treatments received should be confidential
[Elly Kelly] The full DPA 1998 is here if anyone dares read is (http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1998/29/contents) - mainly to do with people registering as data controllers and then ensuring the data is not only protected, but also available to individuals on request, and a bunch of other stuff. Holding patient addresses would mean the clinic is almost certainly a data controller and would need to comply with the regulations. 
[Paul Wilcox] It is likely there could be several requirements like this so I think its fine to focus on the patients address. Although there may be issues of what the patients address is for. It could be the accounting system needs a bill payers address and patients address as both could be different. This is likely to originate from the managers.
[Marcus Wright] I don’t see a problem with this, except that as a private clinic I’m not sure that the reference to the NHS Information Governance document is relevant.
